docs(react-native): UI Component - CallParticipantsListView (#808)
GetStream/stream-video-js: packages/react-native-sdk/docusaurus/docs/reactnative/04-ui-components/call/call-participants-list-view.mdx

The `CallParticipantsListView` can be used to display the all the participants in the form of FlatList. By default it shows the participants vertically with 2 participants in each row. This is customizable using the props.

```tsx
import {
  Call,
  CallParticipantsListView,
  StreamCall,
  useParticipants,
} from '@stream-io/video-react-native-sdk';

const VideoCallUI = () => {
  let call: Call;
  const allParticipants = useParticipants();

  return (
    <StreamCall call={call}>
      // highlight-next-line
      <CallParticipantsListView participants={allParticipants} />
    </StreamCall>
  );
};
```

## Props

### `participants`

| Type                                                                                                              |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`StreamVideoParticipant`](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-video-js/blob/main/packages/client/src/types.ts)[] |

The list of participants to list in the view.

### numberOfColumns

| Type                    | Default Value |
| ----------------------- | ------------- |
| `number` \| `undefined` | 2             |

> The number of participants to be displayed in a single row. This works for more than 2 participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of participants to be displayed in a single row. This property is only used when there are more than 2 participants.
```
